Improve the wmi beats module 42650 (#42663)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/windows/wmi/_meta/docs.asciidoc

    include_empty_strings: false
    queries:
    - class: Win32_OperatingSystem
      fields:
      - FreePhysicalMemory
      - FreeSpaceInPagingFiles
      - NumberOfUsers
      # Where Clasue
      where: ""
    - class: Win32_PowerPlan
      fields: []
      where: "IsActive = True"
      namespace: "root\\cimv2\\power" # Overwrites the module namespace in this query
----

*`wmi.host`*:: The host for the remote WMI Connection. By default is localhost.

*`wmi.domain`*:: The domain for the remote WMI Connection. By default is the empty string.

*`wmi.username`*:: The username for the remote WMI Connection. By default is empty string.

*`wmi.password`*:: The password for the remote WMI Connection. By default is empty string.

*`wmi.warning_threshold`*:: The time threshold after which Metricbeat will stop
waiting for the query result and return control to the main flow of the program.
A warning is logged indicating that the query execution has exceeded the threshold.
By default is equal to the period.

*`wmi.queries`*:: The list of queries to execute. The list cannot be empty. See <<query-configuration, Query Configuration>> for the format of the queries.

> *`wmi.include_queries`*:: A boolean option that causes the metricset to include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`wmi.include_queries`*:: If set to true the metricset includes the query in the output document.
```

query in the output document. False by default.

> *`wmi.include_null`*:: A boolean option that causes the metricset to include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`wmi.include_null`*:: If set to true the metricset includes the properties that have null value in the output document.
```

properties that have a null value in the output document. False by default.

> *`wmi.include_empty_string`*:: A boolean option that causes the metricset to include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`wmi.include_empty_strings`*:: A boolean option that causes the metricset to include
```

Author: If we do that, we need to fix the go code as well. 

I think maybe we can rename it to `wmi.include_empty_string_properties` to make it more clear 🤔 (The same holds for null `wmi.include_null_properties`). WDYT?

Reviewer: What do we mean by properties here ?
Are we saying fields that are null/empty strings?

Author: Yes sorry. If we stick with the fields like in old wmibeats then it's better wmi.include_empty_string_fields, wmi.include_null_fields. 

But probably it would make sense to use the term "Properties" instead of "fields" https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/wmisdk/wmi-classes#naming-conventions-for-wmi-classes-and-properties to be more compliant with WMI terminology

Reviewer: Then we can name it as wmi.include_null_properties and wmi.include_empty_string_properties ?

Author: I fix this in the new version. I performed a refactoring to make sure we always speak about properties instead of fields (indeed, WMI never mention fields). 

Now we have:
`wmi.include_empty_string_properties` and `wmi.include_null_properties`, which are also self-explanatory.

the properties that are empty string. False by default.

> 

Reviewer: Add about wmi.namespace config option
